why you guys were back today with Winnie
we got her down on the beach I want you
guys to see the ocean because I know
you're out there in the middle of the
desert so anyway she's doing great
she'll probably be ready to go home
pretty soon so we'll have to figure that
out gonna do her little video tomorrow
down at the pond we're doing the
retrieve and she's doing great with that
she actually will actually bring it
right back and deliver it to hand even
though i don't know if you remember with
nick we had done something called the
force matching where you make him you
know bring it back and she hasn't had
all that done but she's really pretty
good so if you were going on seriously
you probably have to get the force
matching done on her but anyway we're
just going to give her a little run
through and we'll go from there we deal
Oh
stop
he'll
y
are you guys when he's doing great
obviously you're gonna have to use a
collar on her because I'm sure you know
this record she does have little bit of
a stubborn streak in her but anyway
we'll do the retrieving video down
tomorrow if you guys didn't want to get
the force matching done we can talk
about that would probably take another
month but I mean she's doing great as
far as this goes and she really is a fun
dog to work with and she's got a lot and
drive so I know they can be a little bit
more of a pain when they're like that
but she's a good dog and long stretch
caller are you going to be fine see ya